Your Majesty
How are you back?
Dr. Qin also returned home safe and sound
Hu County Magistrate has been beheaded by the lower official
What about the kid named Sun Qian?
Dr. Qin drove Sun Qian out of the country
Never hire
Hmm, kind of interesting
But Your Majesty
The Qin Sun family is completely divided
What if the Sun family makes a move on Dr. Qin?
Do you want to send more people to protect the drowning?
If he died so easily
That just proves he's a piece of crap
I don't need waste around me
But
What you said makes sense.
Since everyone is a child
Then it's within the rules.
Anyone who breaks the rules
Don't blame me for being ruthless
In this way, you can send a few people to protect it secretly.
If the Sun family dares to make a move
Then give him a warning
It is refundable under His Majesty's tree.
Kind of interesting.